Update deploy-a-hugo-site.md (#10015)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/framework-guides/deploy-a-hugo-site.md

{{</Aside>}}

> After completing the configuration, click the **Save and Deploy** button. You should see Cloudflare Pages installing `hugo` and your project dependencies, and building your site, before deploying it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing deployment configuration, select the **Save and Deploy**. You should see Cloudflare Pages installing `hugo` and your project dependencies, and building your site, before deploying it.
```
